Fixes to ZST format doc (#3854)
brimdata/zed: docs/formats/zst.md

combined with the N reassembly records collectively define the original sequence
of Zed data values in the original order.
Taken in pieces, the reassembly records allow efficient access to sub-ranges of the

> rows, to subsets of columns of the rows, to sub-ranges of columns of the rows, and so forth.

Author: Maybe this could also be "...to a subset of columns..." but based on everything else in this paragraph, I assumed plural was the intent.

* `<fld1>` through `<fldn>` are the names of the top-level fields of the
original row record,
* the `column` fields are column stream definitions for each field, and
* the `presence` columns are `int32` ZNG column streams comprised of a
run-length encoding of the locations of column values in their respective rows,
when there are null values (as described below).

If there are no null values, then the `presence` field contains an empty `<segmap>`.
If all of the values are null, then the `column` field is null (and the `presence`

> both contain empty `<segmap>s`).  For empty `<segmap>s`, there is no

Reviewer: ```suggestion
contains an empty `<segmap>`).  For an empty `<segmap>`, there is no
```

where
* `values` represents a continuous sequence of values of the array elements  
that are sliced into array values based on the length information, and
* `lengths` encodes a Zed `int32` sequence of values that represent the length
 of each array value.

The `<array_column>` structure is used for both Zed arrays and sets.

#### Map Column

A `<map_column>` has the form:
```
{key:<any_column>,value:<any_column>}
```
where

> * `key` encodes the column of map keys, and

Reviewer: Nit: The original text contains a serial comma, but since there are only two list items, I'd lose it.
```suggestion
* `key` encodes the column of map keys and
```

* `value` encodes the column of map values.

> 

Author: I moved this section above the one for "union" because @nwt conditioned me to make Zed-related complex type docs to follow the order in [https://github.com/brimdata/zed/blob/main/type.go](https://github.com/brimdata/zed/blob/main/type.go).

The top-level reassembly fetches column values as a `<record_column>`.

For any `<record_column>`, a value from each field is read from each field's column,

> accounting for the presence column indicating null,

Author: The word `nil` never appears anywhere else in this doc and `null` is referenced several times when speaking about the role of the presence column, so I assume that's what's intended here.
